to
to all those guys and we are writers
in this case we are in the rebellion of
the three investigate and go name
that this man has chosen and has
painted that some good ones are reversed
that had not sent me for a while
nobody speculates from behind and lost his
dad that has to do with my ladies and
three inverted darlings were all
parkour within survey costs me
find maps with history or not
have to see and that in this case
I share within this what to say that I
like to receive so much from everything
as parkour with stories that these
also that is, there are barbones maps with
story that is very cool but without more
let's start the map that 's good
I suppose that here I have put some
book a is in the form of an inverted t
this I know I know how to do at night and
also to pacific let's see let's
look at the rhombus what I do not get the
deposition of night vision and the
first story that says hello to
times welcome to the parkour map
you done for my creative if you want to
play a peaceful I recommend you play
to 12 volumes to see the picks the waves 3
inverted to which there is something changed the
history the meeting of the three
you are trapped in this world
because of the three inverted that
they complain because humans mistreat them
a lot and not what m then this one has
tested this parkour test
why
with this strange and pixelated life
greetings to my friends from Colombia
nicolás and juan for those only for them
Enjoy this map to the fullest
mandatory and if it is mandatory
enjoy read map made by buster
craft Juan Manuel not only for you Juan
Manuel, thank you so much for making me
this lovely map ok what I have to
to do is change the chungos and put it
12 percent will found 316 fico
I think I have not saved it and this is
because I am yes if I keep it perfect
without more let's say the way to be
you seeing inverted currents vial to
that you read uncle how exciting it is to see
how are people that this is a heart
very big I really appreciate that much
the amount because to be outstanding
inverted first stage river is
winston beach pinchan has sounded a bit
rare
two pigs passing them strange things from
inverted synths everywhere we go
to try to do this quietly and
I've been on the job but not
I want to pull it even though I put it
is that there are coins is laziness
take it off we go and quietly not
I think more lack of what we're going to do
this pair as god sends this jump
it looks up
5 2
and today it is very cool that I do not know what I have
but it is very cool and once what you
I wanted to comment is the internal one if
you have stopped seeing her in these
videos and more with the theme of passion
pit the mic action that good many me
you ask then what song do you use
in total cool and so loving twin possess
I'm going to tell you use an intro of a
man or a group called pepas
if passion pit and the song take a walk
and look at these vouchers for the people that
is asking and I'm going to have to do
parkour among those things as it turns out
that my intro is copyright is not
a free song of royalties and
license rights li take the faca hey
I'm very sorry the little pigs look at the
pickpockets are
joey is all very original when you have
all make them tell what happens with the
copyright and those things
poor pigs but I want to but
what a good fuck is this the key has
over here and good if more it turns out that
you have to stop using the intro of
passion and you are going to kill me
the channel see if everyone's wallpaper
your subscribers because change the intro
but my channel can be seen in danger are
a stage to extinguish my channel to be able
danger like rockets inverted by
this intro this means that I do not
for a higher no type of
copyright that has to do with this
lord to feel that I
I appreciate very much that I do not stand with miss
I am happy with myself and leave us
live calm with this I want
deny the fact that they can
use songs for only seven
seconds and that does not jump to the cop and that's
totally false if the song wants
to get tighter says then since
the second zero menu sounds like I want
ask for rights to my song what
they can do perfectly and they
they can fuck all the people who are
dedicate to excel I had I of you
I would not play it and they are not from I have krill
because it seems that it's because but I
I feel strange not because here is missing as
One Way
I just felt lost in my life
let's stay I put myself here in
problems these errors that are happening
one in life and with this you mean
that people who use music with
copyright I of you do not give me the
would play now and it would take him out then
I was writing forced to remove my
song that will transport changes fuck me
much more to me than to you because
I'm fond of you, not the subject of you
and I can not use the more for alarm
He lost competition he asked me
copyright imagine that it's my turn
It would fit into a pompadón more than 400 or 300
videos and would not give much pleasure from mouth to mouth
see how your videos to be acclaimed I follow
how am I fighting such a way
hardcore then I prefer to already remove what
that fuck but because seen as holy
then I preferred to remove that
possibility that the copyright and
of step if someday they ask me then to have
that claim less less videos third
stage yung jan vasco highlights ok
youtube was a giant inverted t but
that here he knew that having to go down today
is much takes part congratulated is
very cool you are hitting a currada
awesome me to do these things
equal mediated 20 years or 27 and also
I study forgiveness for the six that I am
committing because is that for god
blessed because I'm going you lower it
it quietly costs
I can assure you that it gives me a lot
800 times economic radio is horrible
horrible and more now that youtube is being
getting really fucking can sit well
please is shocking against the wall in
universal state charm I'm
expressing because I'm falling in
all the jumps now youtube is
putting very touches balls and
damn king mother
get off the center and a secret that
it seems that it is something soft and therefore what
pass guy is that I had to look
a song without copyright or buy
some license some song that I
let it use on YouTube or I do not know what
I'll do but my intro is going to have to be
evaporated and well have to use
other music and other songs
masses I hope you understand that I do not
stone because I put it 500 safe
the channel is the most important thing not for a
song that does not really belong to me nor
one more that belongs to the lord of passion
pete then they do not actually improve
also ok I forgot to read get out
of happiness is a pimp like you
see but lack the s with my head like this
that is the dry one that such a load
bears youtube today is very cool to see
what it says here jumps many times but
I want to take the book and as an end
congratulations, they have managed to pass the
map I hope you have gone very well
health is from Colombia an inverted t
i
is inverted is far from congratulate
thank you very much and good what was
saying is that if you see that it disappears
passion pit
may know and do not go away because you
It's still alive out there but I have to
search inside without more and I think it
like because we see a hug very
big and until the next
ah